[Music]
hey what's going on its rear itches I'm
here in the studio I want to show you
guys something I just put in today and
it is this okay so I don't know a lot of
you guys have asked me and you know what
kind of software I use what kind of
computer I use I use a PC really my PC
here that this is hooked up to you know
I have you know Mac books and all that
good stuff and laptops the whole nine
yards but a PC is my mainstay however I
was having a problem with my keyboard so
I don't see this is the Logitech mouse
and Logitech wireless keyboard now two
things one of the pluses about this is
the batteries learning this stuff lasts
like a long time they really come up
with a very efficient way to make sure
that the battery life stays very very
high and it doesn't take that many
batteries either it's only like two
batteries okay I'm going to also dust
frequency-hopping
and all of that good stuff and then
there's a little transceivers let's come
over here and take a look at this
transceiver it's very very very tiny
you'll see it right there and that is a
unifying transceiver and what that means
is from Logitech they have the system
called unifying and I think it even
comes on Macs as well where you can tie
in a bunch of different Logitech devices
including mice and keyboards and all
kind of other stuff one big problem is
this little guy okay that little guy is
the wireless USB adapter and it has been
causing interference with my keyboard
okay and what that means is when I'm you
know going between tracks and I'm trying
to do key commands and all that
once I get key commands going it's not a
problem but the first few seconds it's
almost like there's a wireless hopping
that has to happen between the Logitech
keyboard and the actual the transceiver
and so that was slowing my workflow down
and what I went and did was I got this
which is a USB Apple keyboard and
another bird that I killed with it with
that one stone and look at the size
difference here okay
so there is the Logitech keyboard if you
can see you can see the edge of the
space and there's the Apple keyboard I'm
getting very very efficient lots of room
here
I still got my keyboard and the impulse
Novation down there but this gives me
some room I can actually you know
articulate my wrist and put the hands
here and you know do all of the stuff I
need to do and it still has a numeric
keypad not a problem
and you look up here it works just fine
so not a problem you know so I'm going
to put some links and stuff up on how to
use this guy with a PC it's actually
really really simple but there is some
links that Apple has on there there kkb
their knowledge based on what things get
remapped what kind of keys you know the
windows key is would control out the
lead keys on all that good stuff so I'll
put that up and hope you guys enjoy
you
[Music]